Digital Twin Manager 1025.8.0 Changelogs for Plugins 6.2.0 (#4884)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1025-8-0-open-api-documentation-plugin-removed-from-digital-twin-manager.md

---
date: ""
title: "OpenAPI documentation plugin removed from Digital Twin Manager"
product_area: "Application enablement & solutions"
change_type:
    - value: "change-VSkj2iV9m"
      label: "Fix"
component:
    - value: "component-Tl88RYb4A"
      label: "Digital Twin Manager"
build_artifact:
    - value: "tc-wYIY0MBDO"
      label: "dtm"
ticket: "CTM-2840"
version: "1025.8.0"
---

> The OpenAPI of DTM is now available in the API Documentation application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The OpenAPI of the Digital Twin Manager (DTM) is now available in the API Documentation application
```

which shows all known OpenAPI documentations in the current tenant. The

> OpenAPI Documentation plugin in the DTM application is now removedand

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenAPI Documentation plugin in the DTM application is now removed and
```
